# Daimler

## SFSTRY0004986 - SFSTSK0003321 - PTSK0003812 - 30min

### Update set

CSM_SFFEAT0001986_SFSTRY0004986_MultipleCommNumb_DTAFTAD_v1
- [x] Remove Commission number regex, max length
- [x] Rename 'Commission number' to 'Commission numbers'
- [x] Create a new field 'Commission numbers'(already created by Gowri)
- [x] Remove 'Commission number' from the view and add 'Commission numbers'


# Todos
- [x] Analyse & Fix bugs in VTB +5h
	- [x] PTSK0003808 +30min
		- [x] Hi Naveen, can you remove 
		- [x] "Note: must include two photos - one close up from 15-30cm away, one distance from 1m away." 
		- [x] in the description of 
		- [x] "E-training Functionality Issue"? 
		- [x] I saw that your update set is not yet closed : CSM_SFFEAT0001986_SFSTRY0005005_E-training Functionality Issue_BNK_V1.0
		- [x] To avoid creating new update set for just this.
	- [x] PTSK0003809 +30min
		- [x] Hi Naveen,
		- [x] Can you update the category of
		- [x] "Query about production" to "Passenger Car Ordering"?
		- [x] Update set: CSM_SFFEAT0001986_SFSTRY0005031_Query about production_BNK_V1.0
		- [x] Thanks
		- [x] Hi Lise
		- [x] I have a question for this query : Query about production.
		- [x] You mentioned in the category that we should use "Ordering" but there is no ordering yet created(But there is a story for it).
		- [x] The problem here is that this new "Ordering" category is in "Mercedes-Benz Vans AU" and in the VTB card, they don't expect to find this query in this parent ("Mercedes-Benz Vans AU") category.
		- [x] So the question now is in which category this query(Query about production) should be?
		- [x] I also remember one time we talk already about that and you specify to use "Passenger Car Ordering" instead of "Ordering" at that time and now there is a new "Ordering" category coming.
	- [x] PTSK0003614 +30min
		- [x] Hi Leonid
		- [x] I don't know if I am right and if this is something to implement. So 
		- [x] What I understand: what they expect is that we only send to requestor the 'state & resolution code' when 'state' is 'closed' and not 'resolved'. Meaning that when the case 'state' change to 'resolved' and we fill the mandatory fields('resolution note' and 'resolution code'), we should not copy the 'resolution note' and 'state' to 'additional comment'(as it is visible for requestor) until the state pass to 'closed'.
		- [x] Questions
		- [x] Did I understand it correct?
		- [x] Do I investigate how this is implemented and how to change it? Or is this a big change that need more discussion(as it will affect all AU cases I think)?
	- [x] PTSK0003812 +1h
		- [x] SFSTRY0004986
			- [x] Hi Lise,
			- [x] He have some change in this story SFSTRY0004986 and I want to know what you recommend to do:
			- [x] It is mentioned that the 'Commission number' field can contain more than one commission number and they ask to remove the '10 numbers' restriction. 
			- [x] So here are the questions 
			- [x] Do we need to make validation for this multi commission number field or leave it as plain text(from the portal)?
			- [x] In the table, Commission number also has some validation that is used in all views(and it is intended to have only one commission number(max_length=10)), so do we need to create a new field in table for this multiple commission number(Commission numbers) or just adapt the first one(add an 's' at the end and remove validation from views too)?
			- [x] Leonid also just asked to clarify with you if this was specified like that. If not, create a change story for for the implementation.
	- [x] PTSK0003813 +30min
	- [x] PTSK0003777 +30min
	- [x] PTSK0003745 +1h30
		- [ ] To change? 
		- [ ] To leave as it is?
		- [ ] Hi Lise
		- [ ] Can I have a design(and it's story) for this [PTSK0003745](https://daimler.service-now.com/vtb_task.do?sys_id=eac8e0ac1bfa745030821f0f8b4bcb58&sysparm_view=&sysparm_time=1632907103579 "https://daimler.service-now.com/vtb_task.do?sys_id=eac8e0ac1bfa745030821f0f8b4bcb58&sysparm_view=&sysparm_time=1632907103579")? I have some hard time understanding the details about what to do.
		- [ ] I investigate it and know from where these mails are generated(mail script).  
		- [ ] But what I don't know are the naming conventions, How much of these mails scripts and their corresponding notifications I need to create/duplicate and update,  
		- [ ] What are the notifications which use these new mail script? Do they already exist or we have to create them?
		- [ ] Also for the new mail script, Leonid said this morning that we need the footer as it is and we need to change the layout(font, picture, form, style).
		- [ ] And also I get confuse because Leonid said we are not interested in changing the content but Evgeniy said we need to update the header, etc. 
		- [ ] Leonid also said that we are just interested in changing the styles and layout, I don't know if for the styling & layout, we already have a templates to reuse(as I understand in TiSA/EU) (the problem here is I don't know which one in TiSA/EU to use for which case in AU)
		- [ ] So I think, the good ideas here is to have a design with it's story to clarify what need to be done.
		- [ ] What do you think?
		- [ ] Thanks
- [x] Tests Gowri's and Naveen stories +2h
	- [x] SFSTRY0005032 +30min
		- [x] Picture not attached in the story but the query has a picture. ???
		- [x] All the others requirement are fine
	- [x] SFSTRY0005033 +30min
		- [x] Picture not attached in the story but the query has an icon. ???
		- [x] No picture but there is an icon. ???
		- [x] All the others requirement are fine
	- [x] SFSTRY0005035 +30min
		- [x] Picture not attached in the story but the query has an icon and picture attached to it. ???
	- [x] SFSTRY0005180 +30min
		- [x] Commission number (10-digits) in form and portal
			- [x] 50% width not full width
	- [x] SFSTRY0005209
		- [x] Fine
- [x] Update Timesheet portal & PSA
- [x] Send email to Jana & Lise on what I have done today.
- [x] Update all my stories which require category update(Ordering)
- [ ] Design Sport app mobile wireframe using resources


