# Daimler

## SFSTRY0005937
###  SFSTSK0004269 ( To continue on Monday ) - Done

### SFSTSK0004272 

A member of "MBSEA2 Sales Support Team" group,

1. Can access to the back office and "Mercedes-Benz Dealer Query Management" module.

2. Can open case created for previous scenario (SFSTSK0004269) (use test suite feature).

3. Check the case if in "New" state and unassigned

4. Can assign the case to me. The case is assigned to me. The state is "Open".

5. Can "Request info". "Comments" is mandatory.
The state is "Awaiting info".

6. Impersonate the "Contact".

7. Add a comment on the case. Save.

8. Impersonate again the fulfiller and open the case.
The case state is "Open".

9. Can "Propose solution". "Resolution code" and "Resolution notes" are mandatory.
The case is resolved.

10. Can "Open Case"

Notes: You can add steps to :
- check email notifications are triggered.
- Fields on form are displayed as expected
- SLA are triggered


CSM_SFFEAT0001986_SFSTRY0005937_ATFMBMYFulfillerAccess_DTAFTAD_v1
### Implementation

- [x] Get user to impersonate
- [x] Impersonate
- [x] Go to back office
- [x] Open existing record
- [x] Assign case to me
- [x] Check case state is 'Open' & assigned
- [x] Can request info
- [x] Click 'Can request'
- [x] Check state is awaiting
- [x] Set 'State' to resolve
- [x] Check Resolution code & Resolution note & comments are mandatory
- [x] Set value for Resolution code & Resolution note
- [x] Update the case
- [x] Open case
- [x] Check SLA are are created for this case
- [x] Check email are generated for this case


# Schaeffler

## Story

### Solution design

### Implementation

### Update set