# Daimler
4h - SFSTRY0005726


CSM_SFFEAT0001986_SFSTRY0005726_FixProtoAfterRomeUpgrade_DTAFTAD_v1

## SFSTRY0005726
List of Defects on CSM Proto after Rome upgrade

Hello Taftadjani,

These are the reporting issues detected in Proto:

- [x] Reporting MY - MB
	- [x] (MB) Fulfiller VCHAN20 cannot access dashboard "MBMY - Fulfiller Management" or "MBMY - Fulfiller"
		- (no widgets are being shown on the dashboard)
	- [x] (MB) admin cannot access dashboard "MBMY - Fulfiller Management" or "MBMY - Fulfiller" via "Mercedes-Benz Dealer Query Management" -> Reporting -> Fulfiller Dashboard (no widgets are being shown on the dashboard)
	- Found here : Dashboard tab page is empty. 
		- [x] So I unload and rework the dashboard and made sure the tab's page is not empty.
- [ ] Queries MY
	- [ ] (MB) MY Dealer User "D8bambro - Bernard Ambrose" cannot see Queries and categories as expected on B2B portal
		- Onlything I found is that D8bambro is removed from 'Alice-Requestors' group by the interface. *So it need to need setup*
		- When you go to the D8bambro profile, you'll see that he is in the 'Alice-Requestors' group. But when you go into the 'Alice-Requestors' group, you will not find D8bambro.

          

In this story you need to create a task

SFSTRY0005726

To document what you fix on proto and later on manually again on Dev when it is on Rome release.

Please don’t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions



# Schaeffler

## DFCT0011138
- [ ] Donc si je comprend bien, on veut close 'IMAC Store' ritm et la request lorsque tous les ritm sont close.???
	- [ ] Avons-nous besoin de delete la 'IMAC Store' alors?
- [ ] Todos
	- [ ]  check all ritms( != imac store ritm) are all closed, then close imac store ritm then close request.
	- [ ]  Need to check for all items

## DFCT0011135

DXC_DAHIRTFT_DFCT0011135