# Daimler

## SFSTRY0005158 +30min

### To dos
UID username is missing

### Solution design

### Implementation

### Update set
CSM_SFFEAT0001986_SFSTRY0004983_FixGTLSLearnProfMiss_DTAFTAD_v1

# Schaeffler +30

## STRY0043157 +6h

### Solution design
Issues found:
- Selected Delivery Standard => SLA SC_TASK "Delivery Express" was created, not "Delivery Standard"

- Variables Monitor/Device/Authorisation Code were not copied

- Approval task not generated

- When closing task "Provide Order Number" without adding order number the Schaeffler clearing task state does not change to OPEN

- When closing task "Provide Order Number" with adding order number  the next task "provide hw data" gets opened but not assigned to a group

- When closing  Schaeffler clearing task the next task "provide hw data" does not open
 
 
return answer;

### Implementation
- [ ] Selected Delivery Standard => SLA SC_TASK "Delivery Express" was created, not "Delivery Standard"
	- [ ] I don't know about that but when I tested it, it create Standard task when standard is selected & still create standard when express is selected. So your description is not really clear unless I did not test in the right place.
	- [ ] And this come from the workflow responsible for creating the request item. It doesn't update the request item variables after creating these request item. -> I think Yelda will align Modou on that.
- [ ] Variables Monitor/Device/Authorisation Code were not copied
	- [ ] Same issues coming from the workflow
- [ ] Approval task not generated
	- [ ] When The Approval Step should be started
		- [ ] gr.usr_requested_for.company_code : usr_requested_for'doesn't exist in sc_req_item. But there is requested_for
		- [ ] And company_code doesn't exist, u_company_code exist
	- [ ] Need to check the table before writing scripts. -> Need update
	- [ ] When The Approval Step should be started: Pouff, I don't understand the use of this script, need to read the design
	- [ ] So to summerize, the approval is not created because this action 'When The Approval Step should be started' return false which is used to condition the approval task creation.
- [ ] When closing task "Provide Order Number" without adding order number the Schaeffler clearing task state does not change to OPEN
	- [ ] When I test this, it does open the task. The problem I discover here is: when the order number is empty, the task will remain open but the flow execution also will stop because there is loop which is running more than 1000 time just to check if the order number is not empty. And after 1000 time, the flow automatically close and return an error. So I tried to solve this by making a wait for condition but it only work with field directly attached to the record. Our is a variable of an ritem. So I also tried to use the script but it also doesn't work. So I fon't know.
- [x] When closing task "Provide Order Number" with adding order number  the next task "provide hw data" gets opened but not assigned to a group
	- [x] This come from flow: they didnot use the correct action to get the assignment group
- [x] When closing  Schaeffler clearing task the next task "provide hw data" does not open
	- [ ] I don't know but it does open.

### Update set
DXC_DAHIRTFT_STRY0043157_BugFixes